Add user_mapping to config (#194)
matrix-org/matrix-synapse-ldap3: README.md

Please note that every trailing `\n` in the password file will be stripped automatically.

## User Mapping

The `user_mapping` option allows you to transform LDAP user identifiers into Matrix user identifiers
using a customizable template. The template currently supports only the `{localpart}` placeholder,
which is the local part derived from LDAP. This is useful, for example, when you have numeric IDs in

> LDAP, because Synapse does not accept purely numeric usernames since they are reserved for the guest account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which is the local part derived from LDAP. This is useful, for example, when you have numeric IDs in
LDAP, because Synapse does not accept purely numeric usernames since they are reserved for guest accounts.
```

### Configuration

```yaml
   modules:
    - module: "ldap_auth_provider.LdapAuthProviderModule"
      config:
        enabled: true
        uri: "ldap://ldap.example.com:389"
        start_tls: true
        base: "ou=users,dc=example,dc=com"
        attributes:
           uid: "cn"
           mail: "mail"
           name: "givenName"
        bind_dn: "cn=hacker,ou=svcaccts,dc=example,dc=com"
        bind_password: "ch33kym0nk3y"
        # User mapping configuration
        user_mapping:
          localpart_template: "u{localpart}"
```

### How it works

When `user_mapping` is configured with a `localpart_template`:

1. **LDAP Authentication**: User authenticates against LDAP with their original LDAP username
2. **Template Application**: The LDAP username is transformed using the template

>    - Example: LDAP username `123456` + template `u{localpart}` → Matrix username `u123456`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Example: LDAP username `123456` + template `u{localpart}` → Matrix user `@u123456:domain.com`
```

To be consistent with the documentation below.
